=pod

=head1 NAME

Devel::REPL::Plugin::LazyLoad - Lazily load packages into your REPL

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # repl.rc
  $_REPL->load_plugin('LazyLoad');
  $_REPL->lazy_load('File::Slurp' => qw/read_file write_file/); # for
                                                                # Exporter-style
                                                                # modules
  $_REPL->lazy_load('DateTime'); # for OO-style modules

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin for L<Devel::REPL> allows you to lazily load certain modules into
your REPL as you use them.  Let's say you end up using L<DateTime> math in
your REPL 50% of the time.  Put the following into your C<repl.rc>:

  $_REPL->load_plugin('LazyLoad');
  $_REPL->lazy_load('DateTime');

Now, the first time you use L<DateTime>, it will be loaded, and you shouldn't
notice a difference, apart from the loading time.  If you never use
L<DateTime> in a REPL session, it never gets loaded.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 $_REPL->lazy_load($module)

=head2 $_REPL->lazy_load($module, @import_list)

Tells the REPL to lazily load a module.  If no import list is specified,
C<$module> is treated as an "OO-style" module (ex. DateTime, where you
call methods on the class rather than use exported functions).  If an
import list is specified, each function in the import list is created in the
current package and will load C<$module> when invoked.

=head1 LIMITATIONS

=over 4

=item *

C<my $class = 'DateTime'; $class-E<gt>new> will not work.

=item *

C<DateTime::-E<gt>new> will not work.

=item *

Exported symbols that are not specified in the call to import will
not work.

=item *

Prototypes for exported functions may be messed up until they are actually imported into the REPL.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Devel::REPL>

=begin comment

=over

=item BEFORE_PLUGIN

=back

=end comment

=head1 AUTHOR

Rob Hoelz <rob@hoelz.ro>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Rob Hoelz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/hoelzro/devel-repl-plugin-lazyload/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

